Dan Thompson here today we're going to talk about video
transcription using Watson
API's. What is the Watson
speech to text API? Well it's
a set of API's
up in Bluemix that let you import audio
and export the text of that audio
with certain annotations. We're
going to import audio, Strip the audio
from the video and and
send the audio to Watson. Then we're
going to retrieve the annotated text from Watson.
We're gonna add some time stamps. We're
going to review the results, do
some error correction, and then
run things back through Watson again after retraining
Watson. And finally once we're done we
will publish that video. Let's
see how this works. You
already know that Watson speech to text takes speech